So far this is looking pretty good.
There's just one more feature I want to add.
If you'll remember, we need the ability to toggle todo items.
Because if you remember back to our todos reducer,
whenever the toggle todo item or whenever the toggled todo action type is dispatched,
we change the complete property on that todo to the opposite of whatever it is.
So, we want the ability to click on me todo and to
toggle it from being completed or not completed.
So, what we can do is let's go back down to our addTodoToDom function.
And now, what we also want to do is we want to change
the style of it based on the complete property.
So, we can say, node.style.textDecoration,
and if todo.complete is true,
then we want this to be line-through.
And if not, then we just want it to be none.
So, that will change the style of it,
but we also want to add
an event listener to it so it can be clicked on to actually be toggled.
So, we will say is node.addEventListener.
When this is clicked,
now what we want to do is actually change the state of
our store specifically the state of the complete property on the todo item.
Well, how do we do that? Well, we need to just dispatch an action calling store.dispatch,
and we want to invoke the toggledTodoAction creator.
And what does that take in? All it needs to take in is the ID of the todo item.
So now, back inside of our application,
let's say, "Walk the dog" as well as "Read a book."
Now, when we click on any of these,
you'll notice that we can toggle the state of
the todo item because we set up this event listener right here,
which says whenever the specific item is clicked on,
go ahead and dispatch the toggle to do action.